added note about classic OWA (#1541)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Support: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/administration/update-contact-information.md

### How to update contact information

> [!NOTE]

> > The following instructions are only applicable to the classic [Outlook on the Web](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/?path=/classic). It will be deprecated in future, and you may need to use alternative ways to update your profile information, like using [Microsoft 365 Delve](https://support.microsoft.com/office/view-and-update-your-profile-in-delve-4e84343b-eedf-45a1-aeb9-8627ccca14ba).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following instructions are only applicable to the classic [Outlook on the Web](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/?path=/classic). It will be deprecated in the future, and you may need to use alternative ways to update your profile information, like using [Microsoft 365 Delve](https://support.microsoft.com/office/view-and-update-your-profile-in-delve-4e84343b-eedf-45a1-aeb9-8627ccca14ba).
```

> > The below instruction is only applicable to the classic OWA, available at [this URL](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/?path=/classic). It will be deprecated in future, and you may need to use alternative ways to update your profile information, like [Microsoft 365 Delve](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-and-update-your-profile-in-delve-4e84343b-eedf-45a1-aeb9-8627ccca14ba).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following instructions are only applicable to the classic [Outlook Web App](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/?path=/classic). It will be deprecated in future, and you may need to use alternative ways to update your profile information, like using [Microsoft 365 Delve](https://support.microsoft.com/office/view-and-update-your-profile-in-delve-4e84343b-eedf-45a1-aeb9-8627ccca14ba).
```
